Note that underlining a headline means they are primary keys

first normal form:
    all fields names must be unique -> so when fetching you are only referring to a single field.
    all records must have a primary key -> each record should have a unique identity
    no too records can be identical -> duplicates take up space unnecaserily
    values in fields should be from the same domain -> they should be of the same data type
    values in fields should be atomic -> each field should only have a single value

second normal form:
    The data is already in 1NF
    Any partial dependencies have been removed.
        So every other field should depend on the all of the primary key.

        A partial dependency only occurs with a componsite key. 
        It is when only one of the primary keys is a dependency of a field.

        Aiming to make sure each table serves only a single purpose.

       However you should remove the many to many relationships.
       To do this look for fields where you can infer the other fields values from it.
       You can then create a new table for these field values that can be infered from each other.

       Then make a new Linking table, that will link a field from the first table to the second.

       for example if you had a database with students and then their course was also 
       there along with course info this would be a partial dependency as the course 
       info isn't dependant on the student but on the course id. So create a new table for
       course then create a table for linking a student to a course

third normal form:
    The data must already be in 2NF
    Any transitive dependencies have been removed

        So remove all non-key dependencies
        A non key dependency in one where the value of a field is determined 
        by the value of another field that is not part of the primary key.

    So it is bad if you can determine a field by something that isn't the primary key.
    Ensure non-key fields are not dependant on each other.



QUESTION:

1NF
set the primary key to Question

2NF
It isn't a componsite key

3NF
Split into question table, user answer table

question Table
QUESTION    |   Topic   |   Difficulty  | Correct Answer    |   Incorrect Answer1   |   IC2 |   IC3 | available Marks

user answer 
QUESTION    |   correct | marks



